Stormee: An emergency notification viewer

This application parses xml files that adhere to the Common Alerting
Protocol (CAP), an OASIS standard adopted by FEMA, State, and local
agencies for providing emergency notifications to the public. CAP
notifications include details such as a timeframe, certainty,
severity, textual descriptions and instructions as well as maps and
web links for more information.

FEMA is developing a platform called 'IPAWS-OPEN' that aggregates CAP
messages for the United States and territories. Due to the
architecture adopted by FEMA, the public can not access this aggregate
service without signing a memorandum regarding terms of use. Stormee
is part of a system of two components: 1 component accesses FEMA's
aggregator and publishes it to an XMPP Pub/Sub node. This component is
in the 'ipaws' directory; it is not usable without a X509 certificate
provided by FEMA. The second component, Stormee, accesses the XMPP
Pub/Sub node and accepts alerts based on the user's location and
filter preferences.

Stormee is in pre-alpha development.

Dependancies:
cmake
libxml2
gtkmm3
boost (Maybe not?)
gettext
libstrophe (You'll have to pull from my github branch of it for now)
libchamplain

Current features:
o Read CAP files from local disk and display in the gui
o Read CAP files from the XMPP Pub/Sub node
o stormee-bridge is connected to the IPAWS development server.
  - Alerts are really getting pushed to Stormee as they show up on
    IPAWS. Yay!
  - But all these alerts are just test messages.
  - I am now jumping through FEMA's hoops to get access to the
    production server.
o Provide basic desktop notification

Planned features:
o Provide preferences to selecting location, filtering, etc
o Display <resource> blocks.
o Polish
  - Jazz up notifications
  - Display circles in map.
o Multiplatform

Technical Jargon: Stormee is a GTK+3 C++ application that interfaces
with a XEP-0127 Pub/Sub server. It's purpose is to display Common
Alerting Protocol (CAP) messages in a human readable format; this
means displaying geographical information on maps and parsing codes
back into English (i.e. VTEC strings), and displaying any embedded
resources (images, links to videos, etc). In short, give the user as
much information as is available. XMPP communication is provided by
libstrophe. This component is licensed under the GPLv3+ license.

Stormee-bridge is a C application that uses the gSOAP library to
interface with IPAWS-OPEN 3. XMPP communication is provided by
libstrophe. This component is licensed under the GPLv2+ license (since
that's what gSOAP's machine generated code is under).

The XMPP server is ejabberd running on an Amazon EC2 node.

The python directory has a python prototype for Stormee. It doesn't
interface with IPAWS but does have an RSS reader which reads from
California's EDIS feed (basically all the alerts in California). It
starts up as an applet, so just right click on it and click 'Execute'
to see it.
